README.md, before:

# FOSSBilling Theme – Modern

A clean, minimal, and fully responsive theme for **FOSSBilling**, designed to bring a more polished and contemporary look to the client panel.  
The goal is to enhance the user experience with a fresh UI while keeping full compatibility with the platform’s core features.

---

## ✨ Features

- **Modern & minimal design**  
  Improved spacing, cleaner typography, and a refined color palette.
- **Better UX**  
  Redesigned components for a smoother and more intuitive experience.
- **Enhanced responsiveness**  
  Optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop.
- **Compatible with recent FOSSBilling versions**
- **100% open source & fully customizable**


## 🚀 Installation

1. Clone or download the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/HighMark-31/fossbilling-theme-modern.git
   ```


2. Move the theme folder into:

   ```
   /themes/
   ```
3. Open the admin panel → **Settings → Themes**
   and select **Modern** as the active theme.

---

## 🛠 Customization

You can modify colors, fonts, or layout by editing the CSS files and Twig templates.
The theme is built to be easily extended and adaptable to any brand.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Pull requests, ideas, and issues are welcome!
Feedback helps improve and refine the theme.

---

## 📄 License

Released under the **MIT License**.
Free to use in both personal and commercial projects.

---

## ⭐ Support the Project

If you find this theme useful, consider leaving a ⭐ on GitHub — it helps a lot!

Commit message:

Enhance README with demo link and test account info
Added live demo link and test account details to README.

README.md, after:

# FOSSBilling Theme – Modern

A clean, minimal, and fully responsive theme for **[FOSSBilling](https://github.com/FOSSBilling/FOSSBilling)**, designed to bring a more polished and contemporary look to the client panel.
The goal is to enhance the user experience with a fresh UI while keeping full compatibility with the platform’s core features.

---
<img width="1918" height="862" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32e1e648-d047-4b63-8160-f72d12942b3c" />

# Live Demo (Try Before Installing!)

👉 **Test the Modern Theme live here:**

### [https://demo-fossbilling-theme-modern.highmark.it/](https://demo-fossbilling-theme-modern.highmark.it/)

**Test Account:**

* **Email:** `testaccount@gmail.com`
* **Password:** `Test123!`

---

## ✨ Features

* **Modern & minimal design**
  Improved spacing, cleaner typography, and a refined color palette.
* **Better UX**
  Redesigned components for a smoother and more intuitive experience.
* **Enhanced responsiveness**
  Optimized for mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* **Compatible with recent FOSSBilling versions**
* **100% open source & fully customizable**

---
# ⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTICE — READ BEFORE USING

**This is a brand-new theme.**
If you encounter *any* bug, visual issue, or unexpected behavior, please open an **Issue** immediately.
We will address it as fast as possible with a hotfix or patch.
Your feedback is essential to improve the theme quickly!

---
## 🚀 Installation

1. Clone or download the repository:

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/HighMark-31/fossbilling-theme-modern.git
   ```

2. Move the theme folder into:

   ```
   /themes/
   ```

3. Open the admin panel → **Settings → Themes**
   and select **Modern** as the active theme.

---

## 🛠 Customization

You can modify colors, fonts, or layout by editing the CSS files and Twig templates.
The theme is built to be easily extended and adaptable to any brand.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Pull requests, ideas, and issues are welcome!
Feedback helps improve and refine the theme.

---

## 📄 License

Released under the **MIT License**.
Free to use in both personal and commercial projects.

---

## ⭐ Support the Project

If you find this theme useful, consider leaving a ⭐ on GitHub — it helps a lot!
